Ho Chi Minh City School of Technical Education, with 53 years of construction and development, has trained more than 47,500 engineers and vocational teachers for the country; 1,300 masters; Training and fostering high quality human resources for the vocational education system as well as providing a team of engineers for the whole country. Over the past few decades, the school has emerged as a reliable address for learners and graduates with outstanding training quality, with the highest employment rate of graduates in Vietnam thanks to its brand name. The school is favored by domestic and foreign businesses.

To have a famous brand today, the German working style has penetrated deeply into the minds and subconscious of dozens of generations of teachers and students, originating from the event exactly 50 years ago when the Government of the Federal Republic of Germany sponsored the project and laid the first stone to build a school called Viet Duc Technical TH, located on the campus of the current Faculty of Mechanical Engineering. The predecessor of the Vietnamese - German Technical High School was the Viet Duc Professional Committee, established in 1959. In 1963, with the sponsorship of the German government, construction began in Thu Duc on April 10, 1965. Construction of Vietnam - Germany Technical High School. The first milestone that laid the foundation for a sustainable cooperative relationship to this day between the school and its German partners was the moment of establishment of this school.

Vietnamese - German Technical High School has an area of 7 hectares, at that time it was one of 27 technical high schools in the South before 1975. It was the only school that provided vocational training in the German style, with the best practice facilities. Very methodical and disciplined training. Each year the school only recruits 120 to 140 students who have graduated from grade 9, training in 6 majors: General Mechanical Engineering, Refrigeration Mechanical Engineering, Automobile Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Iron Engineering and Wood Engineering. From its establishment until 1975, Vietnam - Germany Technical High School trained more than 1,000 workers and staff of all kinds, provided for society and was trusted and trusted by society, creating a brand. Viet Duc is famous throughout the south.

In 1975, right after the country's reunification, the school merged for the first time with the University of Education (the pre-liberation name of Ho Chi Minh City University of Pedagogical Education) and then received 2 new training majors from the Model High School transferred to .

In 1977, the school separated from the University of Technical Education and was named Thu Duc Industrial High School. At this time, the school opened a training system to recruit students from 12th grade graduates, at the same time as the University of Technology. The College of Technical Pedagogy opens a specialized university training program for students who have graduated from secondary school. In order to perfect the training system, in January 1984, the Ministry of Universities and Professional Secondary Schools decided to merge Thu Duc Industrial High School with Thu Duc University of Technical Education.

Thus, the history of formation and development of Ho Chi Minh City University of Technical Education from 1962 up to now has had many stages in parallel with the Vietnam - Germany Technical High School, Thu Duc Industrial High School and up to 1999. In 1984, it merged into one entity. From the foundations of the good cooperative relationship with the Federal Republic of Germany of Vietnam - Germany Technical High School, Ho Chi Minh City University of Technical Education today inherits and promotes this fine tradition. In the late 80s and early 90s of the 20th century, the cooperative relationship between the school and its German partners continued to develop well and achieve many successes.

In the early 90s, a delegation of experts from the Federal Republic of Germany came to Vietnam to find a reliable partner to receive non-refundable aid in the field of vocational training for Vietnam with a total value of 12 million. DM, this was the largest aid from the Federal Republic of Germany to the Vietnamese education sector at that time. After surveying from North to South, the German expert group finally decided that the location to receive the aid was Ho Chi Minh City University of Technical Education, and the project to establish a Vietnamese-German Center to train workers and teachers. Vocational Training Institute has been formed, marking an important step forward and a great achievement in the cooperative relationship between Ho Chi Minh City University of Technical Education and its German partners.

After 21 years of establishment and development, the Vietnam - Germany Center has affirmed that this is a great achievement by training tens of thousands of technicians for the production environment, tens of thousands of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering students. Electricity is practiced on the center's modern equipment; Thousands of lecturers throughout the country and engineers from businesses, including German businesses located in Vietnam, are trained to improve their skills, teachers and students of the school have the opportunity to access new methods. Germany's advanced vocational training method. The Vietnam - Germany Center project is highly appreciated by the German side and is one of Germany's most successful projects abroad.

In addition, through the activities of the Vietnam - Germany Center, the school has also built and developed many extensive cooperative relationships with many German businesses. In 2005, the German side supported the school with 10,000 Euro to buy replacement equipment; The Ministry of Economy of the State of Baden Wuerttemberg donated a CNC lathe worth 80,000 Euro to the center. Through the cooperation of Viet Duc Center with Emmendingen vocational school, the school's lecturers can improve their skills and learn many valuable experiences from you. The sentiments and valuable support from the above mentioned partners of the Federal Republic of Germany have proven the effectiveness and sustainability of the cooperative relationship between the two sides over the past 50 years and we believe that the This good relationship will continue to grow more comprehensive and stronger.

Industrial style, solid knowledge, high level of skills are clearly shown in the qualities of students graduating from this school, along with close cooperation with businesses in training are the inheritance of advantages. Vietnam from German vocational education over the past 50 years. That is a concrete and convincing demonstration of the process of sharing experiences and learning from each other in the context of international integration.

Ho Chi Minh City University of Technical Education is in the second year of the new Principal's term 2013-2018. The school's immediate goal in the coming time is comprehensive, sustainable development and international integration. To achieve the goal of integration, the University pays special attention to strengthening international cooperation, raising the level of cooperation and deepening cooperation. In that process, the foundation and success in cooperation with German partners is a source of great encouragement and valuable experience for the school to continue promoting its international relations work during this period. next time. The school wishes to continue to cooperate with Germany in all fields, especially ODA projects. In the immediate future, the Institute of Technical Education will collaborate closely with German universities and research institutes to implement basic research on vocational education and vocational teacher training following the German and Chinese models. Viet Duc Center will deploy advanced programs in Mechanical Engineering in German. The school also wants to build a German Cultural Center and teach German at the school.

In the joyful atmosphere of the country welcoming many major holidays of April and May, today is a meaningful and important event when the school marks and looks back on a journey of 50 years of cooperation with partners. cooperation with the Federal Republic of Germany, looking back at the great achievements that have been achieved to look forward to the future.

On this happy day, the School is very honored to welcome the Leaders of the Ministry of Education and Training, Leaders of Local Departments and Branches, and especially the return to celebrate with the school of German experts and leaders. schools of all periods, teachers, alumni, students of Vietnam - Germany Technical High School, Thu Duc Industrial High School, teachers who are international students who have studied in Germany, those who who have contributed greatly to the results of the above cooperation, who have participated in nurturing the above friendly relationship to bear fruit. We will also forever remember Mr. Pham Doan Duong, the late Principal of Viet Duc Technical High School - who contributed greatly to the improvement of the Viet Duc brand, who contributed greatly to the training of teachers. school teacher in Germany. We will also never forget our gratitude to the German experts, our brothers, who have shared the hardships with us during the arduous years when the country was still poor, accompanying the development of the University of Technology and Education. Dear Ho Chi Minh City. We will also always remember the dedicated help of many generations of leaders of DSE, DAAD, Inwent, GIZ... along with teachers from universities, colleges, businesses as well as businesses in Germany who supported teaching. Our school's members improve their professional qualifications. The school also sincerely thanks the German companies in Vietnam for coordinating well with the school in training and sponsoring this ceremony.

On behalf of the school, we would like to warmly welcome our distinguished guests and teachers. Wishing you success, health and happiness in life. May the grateful cooperative relationship over the past 50 years continue to develop, contributing to providing high-quality human resources with German qualities for the field of vocational education, for domestic and foreign businesses in the world. That includes German businesses.
Thank you very much.